README.md, before:

# Fusion Starter Kit

Enforcing a consistent approach to start up new projects at Fusion Alliance.

## Table of Contents

- [Objectives](#objectives)
- [Features](#features)
- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [FAQ](#faq)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Objectives

- Maintain consistent tooling across projects
- Enforce standards
- Accelerate project start-up
- Outline delivery quality processes

## Features

- Code formatting enforced with EditorConfig
- JS linting with ESLint + AirBnB
- Sass (SCSS) + Stylelint > CSS
- Markdown linting
- Delivery quality [processes + templates](./docs/)

## Roadmap

A separate [Roadmap doc](ROADMAP.md) has been created to manage the phases of
development on this starter kit.

## Requirements

- A code editor that supports EditorConfig, or
  [install the EditorConfig extension for you code editor](https://editorconfig.org/#download)

## Usage

### Scripts

- **Install server and website**: `npm install`
- **Develop locally**: `npm run dev`
- **Build**: `npm run build`
- **Watch for lint**: `npm run dev`
- **Run tests**: `npm test`

### SCSS

- Uses the [The 7-1 Pattern](https://sass-guidelin.es/#the-7-1-pattern) for architecture
- Generally follows [Sass Guidelines](https://sass-guidelin.es/#the-7-1-pattern)
  for code style
- See the [SCSS README](assets/scss/README.md) for more information

### Image Minification

- Currently requires libpng on OSX, which you can install via homebrew `brew install libpng`

## FAQ

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to
discuss what you would like to change.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
For more information see [LICENSE](https://github.com/quicksolutions/starter-kit/blob/master/LICENSE)

Commit message:

handlebar site fully setup with package

README.md, after:

# Fusion Starter Kit

Enforcing a consistent approach to start up new projects at Fusion Alliance.

## Table of Contents

- [Objectives](#objectives)
- [Features](#features)
- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [FAQ](#faq)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Objectives

- Maintain consistent tooling across projects
- Enforce standards
- Accelerate project start-up
- Outline delivery quality processes

## Features

- Quick creation site boileerplates using several different frameworks.
- Code formatting enforced with EditorConfig
- JS linting with ESLint + AirBnB
- Sass (SCSS) + Stylelint > CSS
- Markdown linting
- Delivery quality [processes + templates](./docs/)

## Roadmap

A separate [Roadmap doc](ROADMAP.md) has been created to manage the phases of
development on this starter kit.

## Requirements

- A code editor that supports EditorConfig, or
  [install the EditorConfig extension for you code editor](https://editorconfig.org/#download)

## Usage

### As a package

TODO: Package needs to be on npm or something

1. **Install starter kit package**: `npm install -g fusion-starter-kit`
1. Run `fusion-starter-kit` in the terminal in a folder where you would like to initialize a project
1. The starter kit will ask you which framework you would like to use - select one
    - Answer any additional prompts
1. Run `npm install`

### Local starter kit development

1. In the fusion starter-kit repo run `npm link`. This will create a global link to your local files.
1. You can now run `fusion-starter-kit` in the command line to run the package with local changes

### Scripts

- **Install server and website**: `npm install`
- **Develop locally**: `npm run dev`
- **Build**: `npm run build`
- **Watch for lint**: `npm run dev`
- **Run tests**: `npm test`

### SCSS

- Uses the [The 7-1 Pattern](https://sass-guidelin.es/#the-7-1-pattern) for architecture
- Generally follows [Sass Guidelines](https://sass-guidelin.es/#the-7-1-pattern)
  for code style
- See the [SCSS README](assets/scss/README.md) for more information

## FAQ

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to
discuss what you would like to change.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
For more information see [LICENSE](https://github.com/quicksolutions/starter-kit/blob/master/LICENSE)
