docs/functional-testing-process.md, before:

# Functional Testing Process

This document provides a basic framework for how to conduct general functional end-to-end testing of a project, and what
artifacts should be generated as part of the process.

## Table of Contents

- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Process](#process)
- [Important Notes](#%EF%B8%8F-important-notes)
- [Templates](#templates)

## Prerequisites

- There must be defined, itemized functional requirements for the project. You may use
  [this template](./templates/functional-requirements-template.xls) to create them if they are not documented.
- Testing the project must not introduce bad data to the production environment.
- Development for each requirement must be complete.

## Process

This is the general process for functionally testing a project.

1. Create a document which outlines all steps required by a user to validate each functional requirement for a given feature.
1. Document the expected result or output for each specific step.
1. Perform each step, acting as a user of your project.
1. Document the actual result or output for each specific step.
1. If all actual results match all expected results, the feature is validated and testing passes. If not all actual results
   match the expected results, the feature has failed testing, and each failure should be tracked as a bug ticket.
   
At the end of running a round of tests, each functional requirement of the project should be either validated or invalidated, and there should
be actionable bugs for each of the failures.

## ⚠️ IMPORTANT NOTES

- **Revise all test scripts to keep them up to date as requirements change during the life of the project.**
- **Re-run any test script after bug fixes are implemented.**
- **Re-run any test script that covers a feature which changes to detect potential regressions.**
   
## Templates

- [functional-requirements-template.xlsx](./templates/functional-requirements-template.xlsx)
- [functional-test-script-template.docx](./templates/functional-test-script-template.docx)

Commit message:

Adding note about bug-tracking options

docs/functional-testing-process.md, after:

# Functional Testing Process

This document provides a basic framework for how to conduct general functional end-to-end testing of a project, and what
artifacts should be generated as part of the process.

## Table of Contents

- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Process](#process)
- [Important Notes](#%EF%B8%8F-important-notes)
- [Templates](#templates)

## Prerequisites

- There must be defined, itemized functional requirements for the project. You may use
  [this template](./templates/functional-requirements-template.xls) to create them if they are not documented.
- Testing the project must not introduce bad data to the production environment.
- Development for each requirement must be complete.

## Process

This is the general process for functionally testing a project.

1. Create a document which outlines all steps required by a user to validate each functional requirement for a given feature.
1. Document the expected result or output for each specific step.
1. Perform each step, acting as a user of your project.
1. Document the actual result or output for each specific step.
1. If all actual results match all expected results, the feature is validated and testing passes. If not all actual results
   match the expected results, the feature has failed testing, and each failure should be tracked as a bug ticket.
   - If no formal bug-tracking exists for the project, a spreadsheet which itemizes each bug in a client-shared folder or Fusion Teams will suffice.
   
At the end of running a round of tests, each functional requirement of the project should be either validated or invalidated, and there should
be actionable bugs for each of the failures.

## ⚠️ IMPORTANT NOTES

- **Revise all test scripts to keep them up to date as requirements change during the life of the project.**
- **Re-run any test script after bug fixes are implemented.**
- **Re-run any test script that covers a feature which changes to detect potential regressions.**
   
## Templates

- [functional-requirements-template.xlsx](./templates/functional-requirements-template.xlsx)
- [functional-test-script-template.docx](./templates/functional-test-script-template.docx)
